New post: Guide on how to use Schedules (#37)
FalixNodes-Software/help-center: docs/falix/general/schedules.md

---
layout: default
title:  "Schedules"
parent: General
grand_parent: Falix
permalink: /falix/general/schedules

> tags: schedules automatic

Reviewer: Since this seems to be going under "general", the `tags` needs to be changed to just `fxgeneral`.
If you don't do this, this article won't appear on the help center webpage.

---

> # Guide on how to use Schedules

Reviewer 2: Removed the capital to keep it the same as the rest.
```suggestion
# Guide on how to use schedules
```

### What are schedules?

> Schedules are like time tables, they run commands/functions at a specified date or time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Schedules are like time tables, they run commands or functions at a specified date/time.
```

> ### What are schedules useful for? 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### When would I use schedules? 
```

> Schedules run certain tasks at a specified time or date, one example might be turning off a server after 4 hours or turning it on every day at 10am.

Reviewer 2: Rewrote this to sound better, but feel free to change it up.

```suggestion
Schedules are perfect for those who want to run specific actions/commands at a specified date/time. If you want your server to `stop` every day at 6:00PM, then schedules are for you! Also, you're not just limited to stopping your server! There are a ton of other things you can do, check out "What can schedules do?" for the full list.
```

> ### What functions can schedules run?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### What can schedules do?
```

> They can:
> 
> + Run a power action
> + Create a backup
> + Run any command in the console

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is a list of everything schedules can do!

+ Run a power action.
+ Create a backup.
+ Run a command in the console.
```

> ## Getting started

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Getting Started
```

## Step 1: Creating A Schedule

> 1. Go to the [panel](https://panel.falixnodes.net) and click on the server you want

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [panel](https://panel.falixnodes.net) and click on the server you want to create a schedule on.
```

> 2. Click on "Schedules" at the top of the page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click on "Schedules" at the top of the page.
```

> 3. Click on "New schedule" 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Click on "New schedule".
```

> 4. Give it any name you want, the name helps you remember what the schedule is used for, in my case I want to turn off the server, so I will call it `Shutdown`

Reviewer 2: We don't need to know what you're naming it.
```suggestion
4. Give the schedule a name that'll help you remember what it's used for.
```

|-------------------|-----------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ,                 |Specifies a list of values or multiple values  |1,3,4,6,9                                                         |
|-------------------|-----------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| /                 |Skips a given number of values                 |*/3 in the minute time field is equivalent to 0,3,6,9,12,15,18,21... The asterisk ( * ) specifies “every hour,” but the /3 means only the first, fourth, seventh. You can also use numbers instead of *         |

### NOTES:
> The names of months and days of the week are not case sensitive. MON is the same as mon. 
>
> You must use the * character in either the day-of-week or day-of-month fields. Specifying both fields in the same cron expression is not supported.
>
> The time the schedules follow are dependent on the node location, in this case Germany.
>
> Scedules do not support mixing / and - special characters in the same expression.

## Step 2: Adding Tasks

> 1. Click on the Schedule you just made

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click on the schedule you just made.
```

> 2. Click on "NEW TASK" at the top right of the page
> 3. Click on "ACTIONS" and select whichever task you want the scedules to do

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click on `NEW TASK` at the top right of the page.
3. Click on `ACTIONS` and select whichever task you want the schedule to do.
```

### Send command
To send a console command, use "send command". Any command that can run through the console can be used here!

`TIME OFFSET` is the amount of time to wait after the previous task executes before running this one. If this is the first task on a schedule this will not be applied.

`PAYLOAD` is where you will type in your commands, if you're using multiple commands then type each one on a separate line.

### Send power action

> Send power action either shuts down your server, restarts it or terminates it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This send's a power action, which can stop, kill, start, or restart the server.
```

---
layout: default
title:  "Schedules"
parent: General
grand_parent: Falix
permalink: /falix/general/schedules
tags: schedules automatic
---

# Guide on how to use Schedules

### What are scedules?
scedules are like time tables, they run commands/functions at a specified date or time

### What are scedules useful for? 

> schedules run certain tasks at a specified time or date, one example might be turning a server off after 4 hours or turning it on every day at 10 am.

Reviewer 2: Grammar, this sounds better imo.
```suggestion
Schedules run certain tasks at a specified time or date, one example might be turning off a server after 4 hours or turning it on every day at 10am.
```

|-------------------|-----------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| /                 |Skips a given number of values                 |*/3 in the minute time field is equivalent to 0,3,6,9,12,15,18,21... The asterisk ( * ) specifies “every hour,” but the /3 means only the first, fourth, seventh. You can also use numbers instead of *         |

### NOTES:
> The names of months and days of the week are not case sensitive. MON is the same as mon. 
>
> You must use the * character in either the day-of-week or day-of-month fields. Specifying both fields in the same cron expression is not supported.
>
> The time the schedules follow are dependent on the node location, in this case Germany.
>
> Scedules do not support mixing / and - special characters in the same expression.

## Step 2: Adding Tasks

1. Click on the Schedule you just made
2. Click on "NEW TASK" at the top right of the page
3. Click on "ACTIONS" and select whichever task you want the scedules to do

### Send command

> Send command sends any command to the console, before inserting a command make sure it works, some examples of commands:
> + Tps
> + Op
> + timings report
> + kill
> + say

Reviewer 2: Imo, you don't have to suggest commands.
Feel free to change up my suggestion.

```suggestion
To send a console command, use "send command". Any command that can run through the console can be used here!
```

`TIME OFFSET` is the amount of time to wait after the previous task executes before running this one. If this is the first task on a schedule this will not be applied.

> PAYLOAD is where you will type in your commands, if you are using multiple commands then type each on a separate line

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`PAYLOAD` is where you will type in your commands, if you're using multiple commands then type each one on a separate line.
```

### Send power action
Send power action either shuts down your server, restarts it or terminates it.

`TIME OFFSET` is the amount of time to wait after the previous task executes before running this one. If this is the first task on a schedule this will not be applied.

> PAYLOAD is where you will select the action you want the scedules to preform

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`PAYLOAD` is where you will select the action you want the schedules to preform.
```

### Create backup

> Create backup creates a clone or copy of all your server files and stores it for you to use in the future

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create backup creates a clone or copy of all your server files and stores it for you to use in the future.
```

`TIME OFFSET` is the amount of time to wait after the previous task executes before running this one. If this is the first task on a schedule this will not be applied.

> If you want the scedules to ignore multiple files, then type each files path on a different line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want the schedule to ignore multiple files, then type each file's path on a different line.
```

> Make sure you have added backups to your server, you can do so in the [client page](https://client.falixnodes.net)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure you have added backups to your server, you can do so in the [client page](https://client.falixnodes.net).
```
